Good morning.
My name is Ted and this is Dan.
We've been talking briefly to people in the neighborhood about Jesus.
Something he was just a good man.
Others feel he was the Messiah.
Still others believe that he never existed.
What's your opinion regarding Jesus?
Actually my wife and I are getting ready to go visit our daughter in the hospital.
Oh, I'm sorry.
May we help with anything?
I can't think of anything but thanks.
She had surgery last week.
She has been recovering well, but the family has been with her each day since then.
The householder is going to visit his daughter in the hospital.
I want to read him something from God's word before I go.
Which verse should I read?
I could read Matthew 16-16 to make a point about Jesus.
It says, you are the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Or I could read Acts 24-15 that talks about the resurrection.
I have hoped toward God that there is going to be a resurrection.
Or I could share Isaiah 33-24 about the end to all sickness and no resident will say, I
am sick.
Which verse would be appropriate in this situation?
Once you're on your way out, I don't want to keep you out the door.
But before I go, I'd like to share with you an encouraging promise from God's word.
Okay.
It's here at Isaiah 33-24.
It says, and no resident will say, I am sick.
Wouldn't it be nice to live at a time when there's no more sickness and no need for hospitals?
Yeah, that would be nice.
See you and we see you again.
We can discuss that.
Sure.
Sounds good.